hello everyone um I'm gonna do my nails
I'm gonna show you what my routine is to
get my nails this long it's the first
time I actually get my nails this long
been since March I had a video showing
my nail progress from May to July since
they were like really really short and
you know like until right now and I'm so
happy because before I had to do my
acrylic nails and waste my own nail and
it was crazy because then when you take
the acrylic now your nails hurt and
they're really wasted all right so first
I use this okay
I leave it for the whole night you know
I just ready took it out it's it's it's
the nail treatment oil okay
you can use anything you want okay I
found my nails all right there's the way
I do it you don't want to be like okay
okay you don't file your nails like this
better like that okay so I already um
finish right I use nail take two plus
and I like this one because this is the
strongest they have for excessive no
problem and just the first time I get my
nails this long okay it's not like I
haven't something like that for as soon
as I was like I don't know okay um I
have used acrylic all the time and
they're really wasting my now and
actually I know how to do my own hey
look man my home really easy to do and I
got tired cuz I don't have time to do
what critic down and you have to be on
top of them ever every 15 days over
every week I mean and I have two kids
and I go to school and between home
school kids um at the end of the day I
mean I just don't have energy to do
Mountain else and I don't have any time
either or any money extra money so go to
the I already said I recall it to my
nails I don't have any time for that
anymore three classes to kids household
husband and it's crazy and so I was like
you know what so I was like whoa I mean
I can't see like that with my mouth are
black I got something so I try
everything to get my nails strong so um
some of them were like helping but they
were like my nose we're breaking still
were breaking so I found this it's about
$10 at the CVS Walgreens whatever maybe
warmer to order it online to and see how
it is it's been already like three
months that I had it and I've seen has
plenty I mean $10 is worth it instead of
buying those that are like five six
dollars Ames alike and if you have to
buy them every month I mean it's really
worth it I love it and as soon as I'm
done with this I'm gonna get another 100
points whatever so what else I used
those Sally Hansen nail file too it's
really cheap as you know that expensive
it is great I mean it comes to in one
package but it's good I love it oh yeah
you're gonna have to read those
instructions because when you have a sec
excessive nail problems the first time
you use it and they're like wasted and
don't think that just because you're
gonna use this the wasted part of your
deal now it's gonna get real strong it's
not gonna break you they will break so
let me now describe to someone no you
gotta wait for your lace to nail to go
out but that's about it I mean just Oh
also try to use cleaning gloves when
you're doing your dishes and your
bathroom because you expose your nails
to water I lied all day on that will get
really bad I mean they will not grow
they will get really weak and break
really easy okay so I hope these tips
will help you and subscribe and you want
any special videos let me know alright
bye